Rewording second paragraph in "Context" section of context propagation docs - Issue #6674 (#7481)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/concepts/context-propagation.md

service, or [execution unit](/docs/specs/otel/glossary/#execution-unit), to
correlate one signal with another.

When Service A calls Service B, it includes a trace ID and a span ID as part of
the context. Service B uses these values to create a new span that belongs to

> the same trace and sets the span from Service A as its parent. This makes it

Reviewer: Hi @thisisadityarao, thanks for the contribution! 😄 

Just a suggestion for smoother readability:

```suggestion
the same trace, setting the span from Service A as its parent. This makes it
```

Author: Thank you for the review. Shall I commit directly now?
